Every plane has a position of power. The elementals have the Primordials. The hells have the Arch Devils. The Fay have Arch fae, Celestials have Gods, and Mortals have Divinity. 

While Mortals are powerful creatures, they are incredibly brittle. Anyone who started to steps to become strong enough for the seat of divinity ended up tied in politics or war, not to mention required a helping hand from tapping into the arcane energy of one of the sister realms. This lead to a strong fear that mortals would never reach divinity and as this seat of power would remain unoccupied.

As celestials gain their power in name, worship and dedication, claiming the seat of divinity of the mortal realm would take full control over the wasteful destruction of souls and create a cycle of rebirth. Not to mention the sheer power of the individual mortal soul which the devils of Avernus had already started bargaining for as currency. Power grabs were already happening, and the celestials were the one to pull the trigger to start an all out war.

One where the celestial realms could host the mortals post-death until they could rise to divinity themselves. 

The Gods of the celestial realm struck a coordinated breach into the mortal realms, subjective themselves to mortality and taking the seats of divinity to the shock and anger of the other realms. While every realm had mortal followers, those who followed the celestials had new gained power, and some of the celestials who had claimed the role of divinity looked down upon the other realms 