
### Summarise and Correct the Below

SO been thinking about some sort of an ever-shifting realm where things randomly swap places, change geometry, move around etc. But in a way that makes it logical for any fae inside? Like, you just naturally attune to all of that and if a location changes place/shape you kinda know that? You're aware it used to be different but you also somehow know where it is and are roughly aware of what the changes were? If a river randomly appears near something, you know there's water there but don't know the exact type/size of the water? The attunement wouldn't be an instantaneous process for newcomers tho. Imagine Hill and Dandelion making a visit. Dandy would know where things are and it would be normal to him but it would take Hill couple of days to get adjusted to that chaos meaning she'd be fully aware of constant shifting that's happening and prolly be overwhelmed as hell. Another thing I though is that it could be fullll of magic. Random spells going off when you touch a plant, water having magical side effects, even air could affect you. Basically the reason why Dandelion is so freakin' weird and has wings xD Albeit mostly druidic, illusion and anchantement magic tho? No random fireballs going off. I also thought about emotions? Lots of fae magic is charms, right? So maybe you just experience everything more intensly when you're there? An entire realm serving as an emotion multiplier?

One thing that I'm stealing from Pathfinder (although I guess that means it's in DnD too) - Fae aren't killable in the Feawilds, at least not through conventional means. WHen they die, they "respawn" making fairies very disrecpectful to the concept of death, sometimes making it impossible for them to grasp it. That begs the question...would Dandelion die in the faewilds? !) assume yes but that can be elaborated upon. Also, imagine this dummy learning that in other realms there is no instant respawns xDDDD That's prolly where the Centaur could come in. He'd be aware that this rule doesn't apply to Dandelion and would teach him that/protect the gobbo. Oki, politics and social structures! Pure chaos that faewild! Sections of it ruled by some super powerful acient fairies. I imagine the type of the archfae that occupies the current area determines the way it looks, how it changes and what type of magical insanity is happening in it. And speaking of visuals, mostly weird, oversized plant life? COuld be totally batshit tho! Huge coral forests in water archfey domain? Hell yeah!

So I've been thinking about the archfey and the whole "fae don't die in faewilds" ordeal. This creates sooo many issues it has to be limited somehow. Like...since harengons are from the feywilds are they unkillable there? Would Scotch be? If not and it was connected to being present in the realm, wouldn't Dandelion be unkillable then? Soooo many questions... So I thought that maybe this rule should apply only to fairies instead to all fae. That could tie nicely with the archfey matriarchs ruling the realm. They are ancient, powerful and unkillable, so they can't be dethroned, at least not conventionally. That could also mean they don't wage wars on each other, because violence wouldn't get them anywhere, so they have to rely only on politics in their power games. Annd they do that constantly because they're bored. They're immortal after all, shifting power between themselves out of pure boredom and constantly reshaping the appearance of the realm to reflect current power hierarchy. So that's matriarchs. What about regular fairies tho? How immortal are they? Can they die at all? If not, then overpopulation MUST be an issue, right? SO I'm thinking, they should be able to die of old age (dnd lore says they live up to 500 years) but are unkillable through violence. I imagine that most of them would seek to be in archfey's favor to gain political power and thus be part of their games. If politics' chess, then they are pawns. Obviously other fae are part of it too but they rarely are important players. Unkillable beings probably look down at others a lot.

Also, thinking about side effect of being unkillable, I bet they'd use that for entertainment. Regular duels where they slaughter each other before an audience? Making bets, puting power at stake? I bet fairies have some sort of colosseum where they do that. I can also imagine that the morality of it all is debated among the court. Sure, they don't die but they still feel pain. SHould they be glorifying pain? Some say they should, some say they shouldn't. It leads to heated discussions and some regions even forbid it. I think that could be a major part of Dandelion's backstory! What if he was seeking approval of other fairies and tried to win it through those duels?? What if that's how he met his centaur buddy? This guy would step in and stop Dandy from taking part. Heck, maybe they had to leave faewild because of politics? The centaur could be heavily against the practice of duels and could be a threat to someone's political agenda. Being a centaur would mean he can be removed via conventional methods so he had to escape the realm to avoid that. He and Dandy are basically political refugees although gobbo doesn't know that