The Laylines are sources of arcana and connection points between the mortal realm and all the other known realms. While mortals have access to some level of internal power via manipulating their souls via methods like Ki, these lay lines imbue the Ji'kuth with the arcana of other realms that allow spellcasting to become a common skill for them.

These realm's arcana are both identifiable and unique, often with common traits like the Primordial's elemental affinity. While its common to see creatures have an talent or preference towards a realm of magic, its rare to see one be restricted to it. Take the wizards ability to cast chromatic orb as easily as charm person for example. These more identifiable and unique traits show stronger when the arcana binds to flesh and material itself, such as dragonborn's natural resistance to elements, or the fae's resistance to charms. 

Laylines themselves are similar to an enteral spring, with the arcane power strongest at the source of the layline itself and preferring routes of little resistance as it spreads out over the world. This phenomenon creates the Arcane Matrix, a network of where arcana flows the strongest and of least resistance. The areas strongest in the matrix are often over bodies of water, around areas of extreme elevation and surrounding laylines, however exact maps can often be found in arcadiums across the world.

The current understanding published by the [[Great Library of Halvaxus]] Research Division is that all matter holds some level of arcane capacity, with simple liquids like water holding much less than gemstones, and gasses typically holding the least. In turn, they claim there's an "Arcane capacity" (ac) the world as a whole can sustain, a statistic that is tracked via Arcanometers attuned to the amount of arcana the air itself is carrying. 

These Arcanometers record a number that starts at 0ac, being a material with 0 active arcane capacity. 1ac is the total capacity of arcana typical air can hold with 0 humidity. Ratings higher than 1a are often found in living beings and arcane materials. A typical arcane focus has an rating of 10ac, but specialised focuses made by rare materials have had recordings of over 1000. 

While amount of arcane power released constantly from the laylines is immense, the constant use of it from mortals as well as a global arcane capacity causes a natural balance. Attempts to settle cities around the matrix to make the most of this arcane power often causes the matrix to shift when the city becomes large enough, due to the constant consumption by mortals, and have forced mages in the biggest cities into creative methods of arcane syphoning and redirection. 

These methods change wildly between cultures and locations. Hotter and more tropical locations specialise in wind manipulation, both to lower temperatures but to cause a constant inflow of fresh, arcane-rich air. Some areas are known to actively seek storms or pull air from over oceans and lakes due to the humidity providing a stronger arcane flow-through.

More moderate climates have utilised "Arcane obelisks", immensely tall structures that can stretch to about 1000ft tall that attract arcana over great distances to offset the population's spellcasting. These are often made out of some arcane-dense material with a high arcane attraction, like obsidian, and are constantly drained back into the air through specialised arcane-resistant pipes deep into the city.